today we are going to prepare some rolls of
Simple and delicious chicken breast
made on the griddle or in the pot gm
these are the ingredients breast of
chicken cut into steaks about 150 grams
per person cheese spread or cream cheese
0% fat a mixture of spices for
support like this that already has salt and
last dry tomato these tomatoes are
get in greengrocers and supermarkets
They are very rich and suitable as a condiment
even in the attack phase
we started by extending the fillets
breast and we put spices these
carmencita already have salt so no
we need to add nothing else we cover
the steaks with a bit of cheese
smear 0% fat I helped with the back
of the spoon to spread the cheese and
form a thin layer you know that if you
it is difficult to find 0% cheese
you can do it at home from
yogurts if you want to see the recipe
Cheese click on the link that appears
on the screen we take two or three
dry tomato pieces per person and the
we chop into small pieces we put a
little of this tomato on cheese
even
such a small amount gives a flavor and
a fantastic smell and now he plays
roll the steaks if you are using
Thick fillets is better to roll up
so along so that at
cooking them the heat goes well to the
meat roll center according
I 'm going to roll them up like that
this sense because these steaks are
very very finite
we go coiling pushing with the
fingers to form the roll very
slowly because I want it to look good
but this has no difficulty is
just roll up push and go back to
roll up as easy as that we take a
stick of wood and we puncture crossing
the meat to keep the roll
closed you see I have the rolls
ready to cook first I'm going to
make them in the pot gm if you prefer
skip this and see how they are done in the
iron click on the link on the
screen to make the rolls in the
pot gm we select the menu plancha
with the button + we add a little more
time with 8 or 10 minutes will be
enough press the middle button
and we are ready to cook in just
one minute in the bucket of the pot will be
hot we can put the rolls
we let them brown and we are giving
turns to be done well by all
the sides I'm using a pair of tweezers with
the tips erased with plastic
heat resistant so as not to scratch the
bucket as you see the rolls do not
they hit but it's costing me to give them the
back because I have the camera in the middle and
I'm putting my arm over it if
we have used fine fillets the rolls
they are ready in 4 or 5 minutes if they are
Thick fillets will need between 6 and 8
minutes by the way at the end of the video os
I will tell how clean the toasted
stays in the bucket without effort and without
use a scouring pad to make
the rolls on the grid will need
a good plate that does not stick
you have to put a couple of drops of
oil because the chicken breast is
hit very easily let's go
giving the rolls going around
to be done on all sides we leave
to cook between 5 and 8 minutes and
will be ready to serve we remove the
wooden stick
And look what the thing so appetizing
accompanied with some noodles and now it 's
here and I have a perfect dish for phase
attack is not yet subscribed to my channel
of youtube as you wait to subscribe for
not miss a single video is free
trick to clean the bucket of the pot
gm we add half a glass of water with the
pot still on we let the water
heat and stir with a spatula
of wood so we are releasing all the
roasted this is known as defatted and
if we had put broth instead of
water would not serve to make a
Great sauce in just over a minute
we have released all the toasting without scratching
the bucket